[FLINK-32475][docs] Add doc for time travel (#23109)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/dev/table/catalogs.md

User-defined catalogs should replace `Thread.currentThread().getContextClassLoader()` with the user class loader to load classes. Otherwise, `ClassNotFoundException` maybe thrown. The user class loader can be accessed via `CatalogFactory.Context#getClassLoader`.
{{< /hint >}}

### Catalog supports time travel

> Starting from version 1.18, the Flink framework supports [time travel]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/sql/queries/time-travel" >}}). You can use time travel by implementing `getTable(ObjectPath tablePath, long timestamp)` as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version 1.18, the Flink framework supports [time travel]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/sql/queries/time-travel" >}}). To use time travel, you should make sure the catalog implement `getTable(ObjectPath tablePath, long timestamp)` method.
```

```java
public class MyCatalogSupportTimeTravel implements Catalog {

    @Override
    public CatalogBaseTable getTable(ObjectPath tablePath, long timestamp)
            throws TableNotExistException {
        // Build a schema corresponding to the specific time point.
        Schema schema = buildSchema(timestamp);
        // Set parameters to read data at the corresponding time point.
        Map<String, String> options = buildOptions(timestamp);
        // Build CatalogTable

>         CatalogTable catalogTable =

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be a good timing to show the use of method `getSnapshot` in here?
